Come and see everyone
This intern actually reported a big money
It's a Bentley!
Millions.
This car gathers people to chat during working hours
None of them want to do it, right?
A broken Bentley gets so excited
What a bunch of bumpkins
Deposit Emperor Green Jade
It's worth millions
Madam, is this true?
You ignorant thing
This is a gift from the old lady to the lady, and there can be fakes.
I'm not like some mistress who meddles in other people's feelings
Likes to interfere with other people's feelings with counterfeits
Is it a noodle coat?
Yo, this is not pretending to be the president's wife
Then exposed on the spot
Song Nianyi who fled?
And face to the company
So thick-skinned
Let you jump around for a few days
Wait until you find out the content
It's your ignorance
What else do you want?
What do you want?
You offended the president's wife last night
You don't think this is going to go away.